hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchens fast food Friday today we are
going to be making something so quick so
easy to do and best of all it is full of
flavor and you will want more and more
and more of course I'm talking about
salt and pepper squid he's got budget
feel ma there's what you want where's
this fast food Friday's what else could
he share it's because kitchen where
satisfying meals are prepared
so guys the first thing that we're going
to do to get started on our salt and
pepper squid is just into one of these
Ziploc bags I'm going to be putting in
some plain flour straight into the bag
now if you don't have one of these
Ziploc bags you could just do this in a
small plastic bag so just make a well
they're in the bag and now I'm going to
season really well
oh good helping of some salt and some
pepper as well so once you've done that
with the salt and pepper just give it a
good shake around there with the flour
so guys obviously we're going to be
using some squid tubes now you can get
these at your supermarket they're
cleaned already for you just make sure
there aren't any cuts or tears in them
and that they're clean on the inside now
what I want you to do with a really
sharp knife and very slowly and about a
five millimeter thickness I want you to
cut some rings just like that like an
onion ring and just keep repeating that
process with your squid shoes so once
we've cut up our squid rings what I want
to do now is just start dropping them
into the bag just like that and just
shape the bag just like that make sure
the flour covers all the squid rings and
then once you've finished all you got to
do is just pull them out and that's what
you're left with just like that now put
them aside on a plate and continue with
the rest of the squid rings so we're
going to start deep frying our squid
rings so just into a saucepan I've got
some vegetable oil and I'm heating it up
on a medium to high heat and you'll know
when the oil is ready to fry if you just
drop one of the squid rings just in
there and if it starts to sizzle away
you know it's ready so our oil is now
ready guys and I'm going to be putting
in our squid rings just be very very
very careful now these are
only going to need about two or three
minutes just until they're nice and
golden brown on the outside and just
cooked through if you overcook them
they're going to be really rubbery it's
going to be eating like a rubber band
and after the cooking time two to three
minutes all I want you to do is just
take them out and drain them on a plate
with some paper towel so guys just
before we get stuck into our salt and
pepper squid the last thing that we have
to do is very very important just
another helping of some salt and also
just to squeeze especially while they're
still warm just a squeeze of some lemon
juice just over the top let's get stuck
in one of these bad boys YUM Oh oh look
at that that beautiful white flesh in
the middle the saltiness this is this is
the onion ring of the sea all the
ingredients are below give this one a go
you will not be disappointed I guarantee
you you guys take care and I'll see you
this Monday for our Christmas special
starting because it's Christmas and
we're going to start our Christmas menu
so until then you guys take care